Update CHANGELOG.md (#1925)
spatialos/UnrealGDK: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased-`x.y.z`] - 2020-xx-xx

### New Known Issues:

> - After upgrading to Unreal Engine `4.24.3` using `git pull`, you may be left in a state where several `.isph` and `.ispc` files are missinf. This state produces [compile errors](https://forums.unrealengine.com/unreal-engine/announcements-and-releases/1695917-unreal-engine-4-24-released?p=1715142#post1715142) when you build the engine. You can fix this by running `git restore .` in the root of your `UnrealEngine` repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- After upgrading to Unreal Engine `4.24.3` using `git pull`, you may be left in a state where several `.isph` and `.ispc` files are missing. This state produces [compile errors](https://forums.unrealengine.com/unreal-engine/announcements-and-releases/1695917-unreal-engine-4-24-released?p=1715142#post1715142) when you build the engine. You can fix this by running `git restore .` in the root of your `UnrealEngine` repository.
```

## [Unreleased-`x.y.z`] - 2020-xx-xx

### New Known Issues:

> - Some files that were included in Unreal Engine `4.23.x` [are not in](https://forums.unrealengine.com/unreal-engine/announcements-and-releases/1695917-unreal-engine-4-24-released?p=1715142#post1715142) `4.24.3`. This causes errors when you upgrade from `4.23.x` to `4.24.3`. You can resolve this issue by running `git restore .`.

Reviewer: I would reword this slightly, to not be misleading.
```suggestion
- After upgrading to 4.24.3 using git, you may be left in a state where several .isph and .ispc files are missing, producing [compile errors](https://forums.unrealengine.com/unreal-engine/announcements-and-releases/1695917-unreal-engine-4-24-released?p=1715142#post1715142). You can fix this by running `git restore .`.
```

Reviewer: Because I think these files were introduced with 4.24.0, Epic somehow deleted them in 4.24.1 and reintroduced them in 4.24.2, but the upgrade process can miss it for some obscure reason.

Author: much clearer, thanks

### Breaking Changes:
- Simulated Player worker configurations now require a dev auth token and deployment flag instead of a login token and player identity token. See the Example Project for an example of how to set this up.

### Features:

> - Unreal Engine `4.23.1` is now supported. You can find the `4.23.1` version of our engine fork [here](https://github.com/improbableio/UnrealEngine/tree/4.23-SpatialOSUnrealGDK-preview).

Reviewer: This is also included under 0.8.0-preview, I don't think we need to mention it here.

Author: removed
